add types to hypothesis.internal.conjecture.utils (#3336)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch by Adrian Garcia Badaracco adds type annotations
> to some submodules of hypothsis.internal.conjecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch by Adrian Garcia Badaracco adds type annotations
to some private internals (:issue:`3074`).
```
